Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as on nuclear reactor technology?
Is Christian Bale starring in "Batman Begins"?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Which companies were founded in California, USA?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
When did Germany join the EU?
Which companies are in the computer software industry?

When did Finland join the EU?
When is the movie Worst Case Scenario going to be in cinemas in the Netherlands?
When was Alberta admitted as province?
What is the total amount of men and women serving in the FDNY?
Does the new Battlestar Galactica series have more episodes than the old one?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
Which movies did Sam Raimi direct after Army of Darkness?
When did Latvia join the EU?
Who wrote the book Les Piliers de la terre?

Which movies did Kurosawa direct after Rashomon?
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in?
Does Breaking Bad have more episodes than Game of Thrones?
How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website?
What are the top-10 action role-playing video games according to IGN?
Does the Isar flow into a lake?
Give me all actors called Baldwin.

Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
Of the people that died of radiation in Los Alamos, whose death was an accident?
Who plays Phileas Fogg in the adaptation of Around the World in 80 Days directed by Buzz Kulik?
Which companies have more than 1 million employees?
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote.
From which region is the Melon de Bourgogne?
Where in France is sparkling wine produced?
Which animals are critically endangered?
How many companies were founded by the founder of Facebook?
How many companies were founded in the same year as Google?

Desserts from which country contain fish?
How many ethnic groups live in Slovenia?
Which Secretary of State was significantly involved in the United States' dominance of the Caribbean?
What is the name of the Viennese newspaper founded by the creator of the croissant?
In which city where Charlie Chaplin's half brothers born?
Which of the volcanoes that erupted in 1550 is still active?
Which daughter of Francis Ford Coppola received an Academy Award for Lost in Translation?
In which city does the sports commentator know as Memory Man live?
When was the European President known as the decider born?
Who of those resting in Westminster Abbey wrote a book set in London and Paris?

Who wrote the song Hotel California?
When did the Boston Tea Party take place?
When did Boris Becker end his active career?
Does Neymar play for Real Madrid?
Which movies star both Liz Taylor and Richard Burton?
Which companies produce hovercrafts?
Show me hiking trails in the Grand Canyon where there's no danger of flash floods.
What languages do they speak in Pakistan?
Who became president after JFK died?